UI Base - Update how we configure client data inclusion and injection of "auth" plugins (#869)
FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard: docs/user/sidebar.md

<script setup>
    import AddedIn from '../components/AddedIn.vue';
</script>

# Dashboard 2.0 Sidebar

![Screenshot showing the Dashboard 2.0 sidebar in the Node-RED Editor.](/images/dashboard-sidebar.png){data-zoomable}
_Screenshot showing the Dashboard 2.0 sidebar in the Node-RED Editor._

> The Dashboard 2.0 sidebar is a menu added to the right-hand side of the Node-RED Editor. It is designed to provide a quick overview of the current state of the Dashboard, and support in the overall configuration of the Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dashboard 2.0 sidebar tab is added to the Node-RED sidebar. It is designed to provide a quick overview of the current state of the Dashboard, and support in the overall configuration of the Dashboard.
```
